hi everybody this is darby girl oh three
with a speedy makeup review on the
Clinique's
black honey almost lipstick this is the
box that it comes in and this is the
packaging of the almost lipstick itself
it comes in a nice sleek silver too when
you open it up you're going to find out
that the lid pulls off and it's nice and
sturdy when I roll it up and I take a
sniff it has absolutely no smell when I
put it on it has absolutely no flavor or
taste if you can see it looks like it
has the sheen of a lip gloss but it goes
on and is a kind of a tube like a
lipstick which I really really think is
a good thing it is a very very dark
color but don't let the dark color for
you because it's an amazing product you
can put this on a person with very light
skin or a person with very dark skin
light hair dark hair doesn't matter this
is going to look good on anyone that
wears it the other thing is not just any
skin type that wears it or skintone that
where is it any age person that wears it
my teenage daughter wears this and it
looks wonderful
and I wear it and it looks wonderful
with absolutely no problem whatsoever
but one thing about this is that it does
go on very sheer and because of that if
you want a darker color you're going to
have to build it it's very buildable so
that's a good thing the other thing is
it does not have a lot of staying power
so if you want to wear this throughout
the day you're going to have to reapply
several times throughout the day to keep
that look that you're trying to achieve
all day long not necessarily a problem
unless you have a really busy day and
you can't use that it's affordable it's
$14.50 you can find this at any Clinique
counter you can find this at Sephora at
Ulta Sephora calm alton calm is
I would say bottom line its 1450 it's a
good deal I would wear this mostly if I
were going out for the evening because
then I would be going to say out for
dinner apply it before dinner before I
go out and then reapply it when I powder
my nose
afterwards and it's going to give me the
last I want throughout the evening it's
very comfortable to wear and it's just
an overall good product I hope you would
give it a shot let me know if you've
tried it let me know if you like it I'd
also love to know what your favorite lip
gloss or lipstick is so thank you so
very much I hope you leave me some
comments please don't forget to
subscribe and give me a thumbs up have a
wonderful day thank you for watching bye
bye